News Unpin - 1st doc News app (#143)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/GettingStarted.rst

Pinning a News in the home page
-------------------------------

> As a platform-wide publisher (publisher:/platform/web-contributors role required), you are allowed to pin any article to the home page. Pinning an article effectively publishes it from wherever it was originally posted to all users of the platform. Pin function is available at three locations described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a platform-wide publisher (publisher:/platform/web-contributors role required), you get permissions to pin any article to the home page. Pinning an article effectively publishes it from wherever it was originally posted to all users of the platform. Pin function is available at three locations described below:
```

> As a platform-wide publisher (publisher:/platform/web-contributors role required), you get permissions to pin any article to the home page. Pinning an article effectively publishes it from wherever it was originally posted to all users of the platform. Pin function is available at three locations described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a platform-wide publisher (publisher:/platform/web-contributors role required), you get permissions to pin any article to the home page. Pinning an article effectively publishes it from wherever it was originally posted to all users of the platform. Pin function is available from three locations :
```

|image172|

> Unpinning a News in the home page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unpinning a News from the home page
```

----------------------------------

> As a platform-wide publisher (publisher:/platform/users role required), you are allowed to unpin any pinned article from the home page. 

Reviewer 2: The required role is publisher:/platform/web-contributors.

Author: changed for pin and unpin

> As a platform-wide publisher (publisher:/platform/web-contributors role required), you are allowed to unpin any pinned article from the home page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a platform-wide publisher (publisher:/platform/web-contributors role required), you can unpin any pinned article from the home page. 
```

> The unpin option lets you undo the pin action for an article by removing it from the home page news block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unpin option lets you undo the pin action for an article by removing it from the news block on the home page.
```

> The option unpin allows you to undo the pin action for an article and remove it from the home page block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unpin option lets you undo the pin action for an article by removing it from the home page news block.
```

> As for pin, the unpin function is available at three locations described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As for pin, the unpin function is available from three locations :
```

> 1- Unpinning a News from edit form : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1- Unpinning a news from edit form : 
```

> To unpin an article from the edit form, you have to display the article's details then click on edit icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To unpin an article from the edit form, display the article's details then click on the ``Edit`` icon.
```

> The edit form is displayed, you only have to untick the checkbox "Pin article"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the edit form is displayed, you only have to untick the checkbox "Pin article" and validate.
```

> Once the edit form is displayed, you only have to untick the checkbox "Pin article" and validate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the edit form is displayed, just untick the checkbox "Pin article" and validate.
```

|image186|

> A confirmation message appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A confirmation message appears : 
```

|image183|

> After confirmation, the article is no longer available in the home page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After confirmation, the article is no longer available on the home page. 
```

> After confirmation, the article is no longer available in the home page's News block. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After confirmation, the article is no longer available in the home page. 
```

> 2- Unpinning a News from the activity stream : the "unpin article" function is also available from the three-dots menu of the article’s activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2- Unpinning an article from the activity stream : the ``unpin article`` entry is also available from the three-dots menu of the news activity.
```

|image182|

When you choose this option, a confirmation popup appears:

|image183|

After confirmation, a success message appears:

|image184|

> *3- Unpinning a News from News details : To unpin a News from details, you only need to click on the available unpin icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3- Unpinning a News from News details : to unpin a News from details, you need to click on the unpin icon.
```

> 3- Unpinning a News from News details : to unpin a News from details, you need to click on the unpin icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3- Unpinning an article from news details : to unpin a an article from details, just click on the ``unpin`` icon.
```

|image185|

The action is successfully done after confirming it as for the two options above. 

> You may display the home page to verify that the article is no longer available in the News block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may display the home page to verify that the article is no longer available in the news block.
```

|image180|

News application
-----------------

> The News application displays all the articles posted in the spaces that you have access to, as well as the articles pinned to home page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The News application displays all the articles posted in the spaces that you have access to, as well as the articles pinned on the home page. 
```

> The News application allows you to display all the articles posted in the spaces that you have access to as well as the pinned to home page articles. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The News application allows you to display all the articles posted in the spaces that you have access to, as well as the articles pinned to home page. 
```

> The News application allows you to display all the articles posted in the spaces that you have access to, as well as the articles pinned to home page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The News application displays all the articles posted in the spaces that you have access to, as well as the articles pinned to home page. 
```

> This application is accessible through the link "News" in the left navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application is accessible through the ``News`` link  in the left navigation.
```

> To acces to the interface, you have to click on "News" from the left navigation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This application is accessible through the link "News" in the left navigation.
```

|image187|

The page displays the list of "All News". 

|image188|

> For each article you can see the title, the illustrative image if inserted, the beginning of the news content or the summary, the creation user and its avatar, the publication date and the information about the origin space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each article you can see the title, the illustration, the first words of the summary or the article body, the author, the publication date and the information about the source (space).
```

> For each article you will see the title, the illustrative image if inserted, the begining of the news content or the summary, the creation user and its avatar, the publication date and the information about the origin space.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each article you can see the title, the illustrative image if inserted, the beginning of the news content or the summary, the creation user and its avatar, the publication date and the information about the origin space.
```

.. |image179| image:: images/sharenews/confirm_delete.png
.. |image180| image:: images/sharenews/resume_article.png
.. |image181| image:: images/sharenews/pin_details.png
.. |image182| image:: images/sharenews/unpin_activity.png
.. |image183| image:: images/sharenews/unpin_popup.png
.. |image184| image:: images/sharenews/unpin_success.png
.. |image185| image:: images/sharenews/unpin_icon.png

> .. |image186| image:: images/sharenews/unpin_edit.png

Reviewer 2: It seems this image is missing.

Reviewer 2: @samehaidi it seems the image is still missing.
